Update README.md (#70)
cfv-project/cfv: README.md

portupgrade cfv
```

#### NixOS

> To use the latest version included in nixpkgs just

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the latest version included in [nixpkgs](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=cfv) (maintained by @jjtt):
```
